1. Ease to develop
        GNUPLot: Sharp learning curve, but easy as long as you stay in what it can do.
        Seaborn: Very easy to use thank to it's binding to python's library.
        Tableau: Mouse only way to produce nice looking graphs, easy to use after some learning time.
        D3: Sharp learning curve, not the easiest to develop
2. Ease to maintain the visualization (e.g., difficulty of the maintenance of the product as the requirements change,
the data changes,  the hosting platform changes, etc.)
        GNUPLot: Very resilient to platform change (lightweight and multiOSes) and easy to update on data side as in
            plot.
        Seaborn: Resilient to platform change and easy to update the data thanks to python, very easy.
        Tableau: Possible for plot and data but require some care. Nearly unusable web interface making nearly
            impossible to change platform.
        D3: Easy to maintain provided that update don't broke compatibility. Only run on heavy modern web-browser.
3. Usability of visualization developed for end users
        GNUPLot: Very good provided the end user is a researcher.
        Seaborn: Very good provided the end user is a developer.
        Tableau: Very good provided the end user is a business oriented.
        D3: Very good provided the end user is looking for nice looking animated graph on the web.
4. Scalability of visualization to “large” datasets
        GNUPLot: Will run fine, but results may be unusable, pre-processing/adaptation may be needed.
        Seaborn: Long run time and results may be unusable, pre-processing/adaptation may be needed.
        Tableau: Will adapt or crash. Not designed for very large amount of data.
        D3: Will be slower, but provided some pre-processing/adaptation may give good results.
5. System requirements to run the visualization (e.g., browsers, OS, software licensing) for end users
        GNUPLot: Very good: multiOSes, GNUplot license (open source)
        Seaborn:
        Tableau:
        D3: